@PresidentRuvi 
Good evening President Rivlin. @netanyahu 
Good evening Benjamin Netanyahu. @PutinRF_Eng 
Good afternoon President Putin. @realDonaldTrump 
Good afternoon President Trump. 23 https://t.co/v07u25funH 23 https://t.co/L3sZGzXNDD 6. 'Therefore thus says the Lord God: "Woe to the bloody city, To the pot whose scum is in it, And whose scum is not gone from it! Bring it out piece by piece, On which no lot has fallen. 7. For her blood is in her midst; She set it on top of a rock; She did not pour it on the ground, To cover it with dust. 8. That it may raise up fury and take vengence, I have set her blood on top of a rock, that it may not be covered. Ezekiel 24.6_8 37_57. Had it not been for the grace of my Lord, I 'too' would have certainly been among those brought 'to Hell'." 37_58. 'Then he will ask his fellow believers,' "Can you imagine that we will never die, 37_59. except our first death, nor be punished 'like the others'?" 37_60. This is truly the ultimate triumph. 37_61. For such 'honour' all should strive. Surah 37_(As-Saffat); Ayat 57_61 Isaiah 3_16. Moreover the Lord says: "Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with outstretched necks, and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, making a jingling with their feet, 3_17. Therefore the Lord will strike with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the Lord will uncover their secret parts. 3_18. In that day the Lord will take away the finery: the jingling anklets, the scarves, and the crescents; 3_19. The pendants, the bracelets, and the veils; 3_20. The headdresses, the leg ornaments, and the headbands; the perfume boxes, the charms, 3_21. and the rings; the noise jewels, 3_22. the festal apparel, and the mantels; the outer garments, the purses, 3_23. and the mirrors; the fine linen, the turbans, and the robes. 3_24. And so it shall be: instead of a sweet smell there will be a stench. Instead of a sash, a rope; instead of well-set hair, baldness; Instead of a rich robe, a girding of sackcloth; and branding instead of beauty. 3_25. Your men shall fall by the sword, and your mighty in the war. 3_26. Her gates shall lament and mourn, and she being desolate shall sit on the ground. @netanyahu 
Good evening my friend. Surah 10 Ayat 57_O Mankind! There has come to you a direction from your Lord and a healing for the (diseases) in your hearts- and for those who belive, a Guidance and a Mercy. Surah 6 Ayat 115_The word of your Lord does find its fulfilment in Truth and in Justice: None can change His words: for He is the One who hears and knows all. Surah 3 Ayat 138. Here is a plan statement to men, a guidance and instruction to those who fear Allah. Surah 3 Ayat 141_Allah's object also is to purge those that are true in Faith and to deprive of blessing those that resist Faith. @sndlifesyria       Salam @PrinceDoubleH
Good morning brother @RalphGarrettJr
Good evening @aleister_c
23 @RyanLochte
23 @JoelOsteen
23 @MuslimThoughts1 
 سلام @ImRahulHussain 
سلام @ImRahulHussain 
سلام @imgod98524288 
1260 23 https://t.co/EV1q4OE5Qg @PresidentRuvi 
שלום @netanyahu 
שלום سلام Zech. 4:14 I will be there soon... If you find this message, please contact me. Hoping you find this soon. I'am your brother... I'am the Caliphate located in America. My name is Benjamin. To the Caliphate in Jerusalem (?) @ImRahulHussain 
سلام @IslamicTongue 
 سلام @IslamicTongue 
And my sin... @IslamicTongue 
What is death, without Allah. @IslamicTongue 
سلام @YousefAlNaimi 
سلام @IslamicTongue 
23 https://t.co/xc5MlcZN1D @netanyahu 
that he said), (O Allah), "Bless them." @netanyahu 
Narrarated
This Hadith has been narrated by Shu'ba with the same chain of transmitters (but with a slight variation of words, @ImRahulHussain 
Good evening brother. @PrinceDoubleH 
Good evening brother... @PrinceDoubleH 
23 @IslamicTongue 
سلام @FJRElite 
Who do you think you have been speaking to today...? @ImRahulHussain 
سلام That is their disgrace in this world, and a great torment is theirs in the Hereafter. or crucified or their hands and their feet be cut off on the opposite sides, or be exiled from the land. The recompense of those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and do mischief in the land is only that they shall be killed @realDonaldTrump 
23 @PrinceDoubleH 
23 Whatever you hate for yourself hate for others, and whatever you like for yourself , like for your brother.

-Prophet Muhammad I searched for Allahand found only myself. I searched for myself and found only Allah.

-Rumi And fear Allah that ye may receive Mercy.  Surah Al Hujurat, ayat 10.

-Quran E Sharif
 from Quran E Sharif The Believers are but a single brotherhood: So make peace and reconciliation between your two brothers: -Prophet Muhammad
 from Sahih Al-Bukhari,  book #43 on Oppressions And whoever fulfilled the needs of his brother, Allah will fulfill his needs. A Muslim is a brother of another Muslim. So he should neither oppress him nor hand him over to an oppressor. and do not desert one another. O Allah's slaves, be brothers!

-Prophet Muhammad
 from Sahih Al-Bukhari,  book #73 on Good Manners Beware of suspicion, for it is the worst of false tales and do not look for the faults of others and do not spy and do not hate each other, Whoever carries arms against us, is not from us.

-Prophet Muhammad
 from Sahih Al-Bukhari,  book #83 on Blood Money @netanyahu 
If you wish peace between you and I, this must come to an end. @PresidentRuvi 
If you wish peace between you and I, this must come to an end. @netanyahu 
but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
1 Corinthians 10:13 KJV @netanyahu 
who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; @netanyahu 
There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, @PresidentRuvi 
but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
1 Corinthians 10:13 KJV @PresidentRuvi 
who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; @PresidentRuvi 
There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, @netanyahu 
but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.
1 Corinthians 6:18 KJV @netanyahu 
Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; @PresidentRuvi 
but he that committeth fornication sinneth against his own body.
1 Corinthians 6:18 KJV @PresidentRuvi 
Flee fornication. Every sin that a man doeth is without the body; @netanyahu 
they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 20:13 KJV @netanyahu 
If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: @PresidentRuvi 
they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.
Leviticus 20:13 KJV @PresidentRuvi 
If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: @netanyahu 
Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.
Leviticus 18:22 KJV @PresidentRuvi 
Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.
Leviticus 18:22 KJV @netanyahu 
for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;
1 Timothy 1:10 KJV @netanyahu 
For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;
1 Timothy 1:10 KJV @PresidentRuvi 
For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, to make the land of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant. And the land shall tremble and sorrow: for every purpose of the Lord shall be performed against Babylon, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his dominion. Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains thereof, appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillers. prepare the nations against her, call together against her the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz; Set ye up a standard in the land, blow the trumpet among the nations, And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a stone for foundations; but thou shalt be desolate for ever, saith the Lord . and have power over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as often as they will. These have power to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: but the Lord shall give thee there a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind: And among these nations shalt thou find no ease, neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest: them will the Lord bring upon thee, until thou be destroyed. Also every sickness, and every plague, which is not written in the book of this law, Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou wast afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee. and of long continuance, and sore sicknesses, and of long continuance. Then the Lord will make thy plagues wonderful, and the plagues of thy seed, even great plagues, throughout all thy land: and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which the Lord thy God hath given thee. And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person of the old, nor shew favour to the young: a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand; The Lord shall bring a nation against thee from far, from the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee: Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume. and there shalt thou serve other gods, wood and stone. The Lord shall bring thee, and thy king which thou shalt set over thee, unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have known; from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head. The Lord shall smite thee in the knees, and in the legs, with a sore botch that cannot be healed, So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see. The fruit of thy land, and all thy labours, shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man shall save thee. And thou shalt grope at noonday, as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: The Lord shall smite thee with madness, and blindness, and astonishment of heart: and with the itch, whereof thou canst not be healed. The Lord will smite thee with the botch of Egypt, and with the emerods, and with the scab, And thy carcase shall be meat unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the earth, and no man shall fray them away. and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth. The Lord shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before them: The Lord shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down upon thee, until thou be destroyed. And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be iron. and with the sword, and with blasting, and with mildew; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish. The Lord shall smite thee with a consumption, and with a fever, and with an inflammation, and with an extreme burning, The Lord shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee, until he have consumed thee from off the land, whither thou goest to possess it. and until thou perish quickly; because of the wickedness of thy doings, whereby thou hast forsaken me. The Lord shall send upon thee cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do, until thou be destroyed, (The torment) will not be lightened for them, and they will be plunged into destruction with deep regrets, sorrows and in despair therein. And we have brought to you the truth (the news of the destruction of your nation) and certainly, we tell the truth. Say: "Wait then, I am (too) with you among those who wait." Then do they wait for (anything) save for (destruction) like the days of the men who passed away before them? Petaphiles Greece, America, Russia Jamiat Tirmidhi(Chapters On Al-Fitan - 19) among the greatest types of Jihad is a just statement before a tyrannical ruler." (Hasan) Abu Sa'eed Al-Khudri narrated that the Prophet (s.a.w) said "Indeed, they will have a painful torment in this world and in the Hereafter. And Allah knows and you know not. Verily, those who like that (the crime of) illegal sexual intercourse should be propagated among those who believe, He has created man from Nutfah (mixed drops of male and female sexual discharge), then behold, this same (man) becomes an open opponent. that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities. Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup which she hath filled fill to her double. for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow. How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her. Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: both the man that lay with the woman, and the woman: so shalt thou put away evil from Israel.
Deuteronomy 22:22 KJV If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them die, Sahih Muslim(The Book of Judicial Decisions - 14) 