@MichelleWKwan Goodnight Wing (Michelle,.Earth). I love you. @MichelleWKwan Maria Sotskova (sp?) are going to be representing the Russian team. I'm excited. That made my night. Now I can go to sleep. @MichelleWKwan about that. I can hear you even though I can't listen to you. I just found out that Anna Pogorilaya (A To The 6th Power) and @MichelleWKwan about that. I can hear you but I can't listen to you. I'm laughing to myself but it's not verbal. Goodnight Wing. @MichelleWKwan reading too much into it. What do you read into with some of my posts to you? Or to others? Am I reaching? I'm not concerned @MichelleWKwan to you, and that it was important enough to be remembered. Evidence that it is another form of remembering me. Or am I @MichelleWKwan I've told you. I thank you for caring enough to let me hear what was said and thereby letting me know that it meant something @MichelleWKwan confused. What about CCTV? That's funny. Did you ever wear that ankle bracelet I got you? Over time I've seen things that @MichelleWKwan I am sure you know what I mean. Do you remember the means of communication I once proposed? Both of us would have been @MichelleWKwan it. Today was one of those days where I wish i was back in that closet with the aluminum wall paper writing you a letter. @MichelleWKwan ladies short program for World's with the pairs as well. It was too early to record the long programs. I'm looking forward to @MichelleWKwan site, and then I went to hers. I was glad. Some things remain the same and others are constantly changing. I already dvr'd @MichelleWKwan at the Oscars. I haven't Miki Ando's site in a long time. That's besides the last couple of days when I saw the post on your @MichelleWKwan you and Miki Ando. The two of you had some nice pictures. I liked your picture with Robin Roberts. She was wearing that dress @MichelleWKwan supposed to have great coordinated detail. This cannot be explained or excused.     That's it Michelle. I saw the picture of @MichelleWKwan of this administration thus far, I wonder if the mosque was struck intentionally. The intended precision of any strike is @MichelleWKwan All for a grand display to coincide with the 7 year anniversary of the Syrian War. When considering the homicidal tendencies @MichelleWKwan 56 determined already because many others have yet to be revealed. That doesn't even include the injured. @MichelleWKwan four hours that was actually hit and not some so called al Qaeda meeting place. With the death toll expected to go above the @MichelleWKwan Terrorists like the estimated 300 worshippers that were gathered for evening prayers inside of a mosque like every Thursday @MichelleWKwan al Qaeda. Oh, I almost forgot to mention that they also claimed that several terrorists were killed. @MichelleWKwan Homeland? The U.S. is saying that an air strike on Thursday in the village of Al Jina, in Idlib, Syria was a meeting for @MichelleWKwan Trump's cause but not for the benefit of the nation. Which one of those alleged terrorists were going to be attacking our @MichelleWKwan winner and a hero for the cause. I wish we could hear Ryan damn him from his grave sight for being sacrificed for President @MichelleWKwan Or serviceman William "Ryan" Owens that was killed in the unnecessary raid. President Trump illicited praise up Ryan as a @MichelleWKwan mother that was murdered. Or the beautiful 8 year old terrorist Nawar al-awlaki that was slain among others. @MichelleWKwan That's always considered a success. Terrorists like the 5 year old boy that was shot in his back while running with his @MichelleWKwan believe anything he, or they say, or have said? Oh, I almost forgot to mention they said terrorists were killed. @MichelleWKwan President Trump, and his administration that they felt the Yemen attack yielded huge amounts of intelligence. Why should we @MichelleWKwan much foresight to see for yourself looking at present initiatives, and the desires of maniacal men. We have been told by @MichelleWKwan a comprehensive compromise of love. What will the Middle East look like in 50 years? 100 years? 1,000 years? It doesn't take @MichelleWKwan differences of religious ideology and standards of beliefs are not being glossed over. There is a desperate need for @MichelleWKwan All of this can occur because there are those dividing fractions, while there are others dividing factions. Because of rigid @MichelleWKwan of the future. Forcefully abated and being permitted to adhere to the cadence of commands from parents that are not their own @MichelleWKwan without place mats for the supplanted. Thus attempting to formulate a mindset that would be issued to descendants unseen @MichelleWKwan Imbuing within the fabric of the flesh the seeping underground table that the construct will demand to sit at; @MichelleWKwan It is inconceivable that all will be accepting of their corrosive branding brought by an appeasing mob mentality. @MichelleWKwan Those being unaware that they are running into the grasp of a bear. I just paraphrased Amos 5:19. @MichelleWKwan Lauryn Hill. Because "Mr. Intentional" will always be inclined to be there to assist those fleeing a lion. @MichelleWKwan theirs again? All because of the prospect of eradicating Isis. Peoples should rehearse the song "Mr. Intentional" by @MichelleWKwan who are subliminally coerced and relegated; that they should not be unappreciative nor ungrateful. Will their lands ever be @MichelleWKwan to shape legalities and policies within countries not their own. It would be expected and understood in the view of those @MichelleWKwan Today it looks like a disturbance. Tomorrow a siege once out of the forest. Other Powers having capabilities, and authority @MichelleWKwan There will remain a crumb trail leading back because there will be no spirited inhabitants to confiscate the edible debris. @MichelleWKwan Reconstructing their societies while encouraging principles of democracy. Slanting them toward conciliation and conformity. @MichelleWKwan influence will be indebted to the dictation that was President George W. Bush, and now is President Trump? @MichelleWKwan while the previous owners are sifting through the charred remains of the structure that has been engulfed? How much of an @MichelleWKwan arson that sparked the initial blaze that will become an inferno if not stopped. Will anyone be able to recognize this fact @MichelleWKwan Some want to use water, some oil, and others gasoline to put out the insidious house fire. Never considering that it was @MichelleWKwan to slaughter hundreds of thousands in the name of freedom. Freedom for who? Freedom from who? Freedom of what? @MichelleWKwan likeable he is. That may persuade some to name highways and possibly airports after him. It also persuaded an entire country @MichelleWKwan along with the destabilization he enacted. I don't want to hear about his now charming and humorous demeanor; and how @MichelleWKwan deceitful interpretations of promised freedom that had a total disregard of the consequences he would deliberately cause; @MichelleWKwan commenced the initial Manifest Destiny of the Middle East. Which in essence was a Destined Manifesto. Using his lying and @MichelleWKwan and spoil his goods, except he will first bind the strong man; and then he will spoil his house. President George W. Bush @MichelleWKwan I don't think I can be effective if I walk around full of regret."   Mark 3:27  No man can enter into a strong man's house, @MichelleWKwan I made the decision to both go into Afghanistan and Iraq. Because I knew there'd be dire consequences. You know, @MichelleWKwan course of nature; and it is set on fire of hell.  Former President George W. Bush recently said:  "I was heavy hearted when @MichelleWKwan a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the @MichelleWKwan a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth!  James 3:6  And the tongue is @MichelleWKwan yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.  James 3:5  Even so the tongue is @MichelleWKwan the whole body.  James 3:4  Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, @MichelleWKwan to bridle the whole body.  James 3:3  Behold, we put bits in the horses' mouths, that they may obey us; and we turn about @MichelleWKwan James 3:2  For in many things we offend all. If any man offend not in word, the same is a perfect man, and able also to @MichelleWKwan forth to sow. James 3:1 My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation. @MichelleWKwan wrote:     Mathew 13:3 And he (the Lord Jesus Christ) spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sower went @MichelleWKwan Supreme Court addition, or the questioning about the Russia. I just hope that the truth prevails. I am going to type what I @MichelleWKwan Hello Earth. I don't have a lot to say right now. I did write something though. I know everyone is talking about a possible @MichelleWKwan coverage of world's and I didn't get to see you and then I woke up. I look forward to seeing you again. I love you. @MichelleWKwan way and would have cared less if I could go to the store or not. I don't know where the time went but somehow I missed the @MichelleWKwan skate in over 10 Years. None of it mattered to her and she was upset with me. In real life she would not have reacted in that @MichelleWKwan store because I had to watch you. I tried explaining how I was a fan of yours since you were 12 and that I had not seen you @MichelleWKwan be shown on television not long after the commercial. I then tried to explain to my stepmother how I couldn't go to the @MichelleWKwan stepmother. Then I saw a commercial with you in it and it was for the figure skating world championship that was going to @MichelleWKwan You were in my dream this morning. Well it was about you. I was in my birth town and I offered to go to the store for my @MichelleWKwan I haven't looked at you like that in a long time. I am sure you know what I mean. I hope you're enjoying yourself. @MichelleWKwan ambassador to society on a global stage and your work with the Special Olympics. I was looking at some of your pictures and @MichelleWKwan Hi Wing (Earth). How are you doing? I see you're in Austria. That's great and I'm glad and proud of you for being an @ImamKhomeini_EN Thank you for following me; I appreciate it. @Qaraati_ir Thank you for following me although I can't interpret your language i have decided to follow you. @Paco_Navarra Thank you for following me and I am following you as well. Thank you. @WRTUnderground Thank you for liking my post and I thank you for following me. I appreciate it. @trustworthy991 Thank you for following me. I appreciate it. @traveler9901 Thank you for following me. I appreciate it. @MichelleWKwan abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh. That's the end. I love you Wing (Earth). @MichelleWKwan forth that which is good; and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil; for of the @MichelleWKwan convincing someone that it is a fish sandwich. Luke 6:45 states A good man out of the good treasure of his heart bringeth @MichelleWKwan Just because you remove the pickles, lettuce, onions, and tomatoes off of a Whopper, you should be incapable of convincing @MichelleWKwan indestructible. I want to say that regardless of the changes to the Muslim travel ban, it's intent still remains the same. @MichelleWKwan forefathers when they created the Constitution. Architects of proposed structural integrity that has been accused of being @MichelleWKwan that will save the Republic. Consciously deciding to align themselves with the principled aspirations of the Republic's @MichelleWKwan the inspection of evidence to obtain facts. No longer impeding the implementation of meticulously sought after discoveries @MichelleWKwan Thereby supplying the public with reputable, concise conclusions. Using detection and following cognitive intuition toward @MichelleWKwan party loyalty? Will they decide to stop aborting what should be their intentions that would validate them as being just. @MichelleWKwan refuse to consider as equals. Will reluctant Republicans deviate from the single-mindedness of a distorted collective called @MichelleWKwan Violators feeling it is beneath them to affix themselves to the level of the constrained upwardly immobile. Those that they @MichelleWKwan They need to stop lifting themselves above what is supposed to be the inseparable interest of the people. @MichelleWKwan to heap self gratifying praise upon themselves. They need to stop honoring and worshiping corruption and themselves. @MichelleWKwan to their deity of deceit President Trump. Thereby refusing to extend a helping hand. Despite all admonishments they continue @MichelleWKwan there. The bodies collectively increasing because the elected Pharisees at heart celebrate every day as their Sabbath to @MichelleWKwan in our times. Allowing the blind to lead them into cavernous pits without them visually comprehending the path that lead them @MichelleWKwan Lord Jesus Christ. Despite prepared aversions to relent from falsehoods, there are those blinded by the dim reality present @MichelleWKwan The origin of their reign being the impedance of all that is righteous and that extends from the Father God Almighty and the @MichelleWKwan proportions. All the while they are honoring and worshiping corruption, themselves, and others in general. @MichelleWKwan intoxicating libation in honor of the deity of deceit President Trump. Causing an unrelenting, undulating stupor of seismic @MichelleWKwan visible and blatant. There are Republicans that are purposely contaminating the intellectual capacity of the Republic with an @MichelleWKwan excuses, denials, and grounds for dismissal of all accusations. No objectivity is necessary when the infractions are so @MichelleWKwan clouds of suspicious conduct that are supposed to have the best interest of the Republic at heart. Instead they create @MichelleWKwan consensus bloc attempting everything possible to prevent additional revelations from being revealed. Hidden figures under @MichelleWKwan an aggressive quest for the facts. A majority of Republicans know the truth that has already been exposed. Thereby being a @MichelleWKwan partisanism by loyal Republicans instead of neutrality. There are those hoping and waiting for their opportunity to supplant @MichelleWKwan readministered. I don't trust a bipartisan investigation because of the possibility and most likely probability  of @MichelleWKwan have Attorney General Jeff Sessions resign, in all actuality the entire 2016 Presidential election needs to be vacated and @MichelleWKwan and Alex Shnaider. Just as there are those who have been successful thus far at attempting to dismiss the probable cause to @MichelleWKwan Roger Stone, Jared Kushner, Michael Flynn, Jeff Sessions, Paul Manafort, Felix Sater, Carter Page, Tevfik Arif, Rex Tillerson @MichelleWKwan connections to Sergey Kislyak, Russian affiliated interests, or a connection to Vladimir Putin. The names are Donald Trump Jr @MichelleWKwan Democracy) has on his page those with connections to President Trump and who also have either Russian business interest, @MichelleWKwan despite it's justification? California Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Dublin) who is one of the responsible that is (Protecting Our @MichelleWKwan Presidential election. 17. Will the people of the Republic allow this administration to forbid an independent investigation @MichelleWKwan to answer that implication proves he's complicit. What was there, 17 agencies detected that the Russians were involved in our @MichelleWKwan of it, why doesn't he fear those below him of undermining his administration and his authority? President Trump's inability @MichelleWKwan collusion with those affiliated with him and their Russian ties, if they are maneuvering without President Trump being aware @MichelleWKwan Although I have light within in me to comprehend that fact. Hypothetically speaking, if President Trump is not culpable of @MichelleWKwan as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light. By no means am i saying that i am perfect and without sin. @MichelleWKwan Luke 11:36 states: if thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no part dark, the whole shall be full of light, @MichelleWKwan thy body also is full of darkness. Luke 11:35 states: Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness. @MichelleWKwan body is the eye: therefore when thine eye is single, thy whole body also is full of light; but when thine eye is evil, @MichelleWKwan between us and the Russians and illuminate how this new Union will benefit this Republic. Luke 11:34 states: The light of the @MichelleWKwan candlestick, that they which come in may see the light. I ask why doesn't President Trump enlighten us to the cohabitation @MichelleWKwan Luke 11:33 states: No man, when he hath lighted a candle, putteth it in a secret place, neither under a bushel, but on a @MichelleWKwan is no apparition and is visible to those with a keen sense of spiritual sight. Light makes objects and objectives visible. @MichelleWKwan framework can bring about it's demise. The compilation of this picture has never been seen before. Although it's halogram(sp? @MichelleWKwan crooked frame built on a porous rock that they were enabling from collapsing. There are those that know opposition to their @MichelleWKwan Spectators are now watching the exhibition of those loving lies, and the once beaming supporters removing themselves from the @MichelleWKwan legitimacy as his snug vesture? That he would wear with pleasure and for entertainment as if he were one of The Masters. @MichelleWKwan frenzied invention of his debilitated mind. Will the people of the Republic allow President Trump to opaquely seize @MichelleWKwan President Trump has a pedigree that stands out in the history of all mankind. He leaves nothing to the imagination with every @MichelleWKwan I, nor President Trump are the awaited Lord Jesus Christ. I am only the instrument of implication. And i will admit that @MichelleWKwan the history of our Republic. And the sun has barely risen during the infancy of this monstrosity of a regime. @MichelleWKwan been a committed vow of compliance not to repeat the recognized infringements upon the deprived. This is a very dark time in @MichelleWKwan A continuous collection of proliferation of injustice despite rebukes for recognition of rights deferred. Nor has there ever @MichelleWKwan recognize. This country has never repented of it's horrific and sustained infractions against many of it's citizens. @MichelleWKwan Instead, valuing the inclusion of multidimensional qualities of the people that define the macro that some don't want to @MichelleWKwan status. Computing oneself, while also looking beyond the limited thought of elementary restrictions of a micro single sense. @MichelleWKwan dispels diversity of all varieties. When you represent as a nation you lift your attitude and projection above a stagnant @MichelleWKwan the United States of America. Not an enclave, or bastion of solitude in a certain part of a city, suburb, or region that @MichelleWKwan love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. With that said, this is where i'm from; @MichelleWKwan and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment. Mark 12:31 states: And the second is like, namely this, thou shalt @MichelleWKwan Mark 12:30 states: And thou shalt love the Lord they God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, @MichelleWKwan 31. Mark 12:29 states: And Jesus answered him, the first of all commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord @MichelleWKwan the Father God Almighty and the Lord Jesus Christ. The transgressors disregard the indispensable rules of Mark 12:29, 30, and @MichelleWKwan attitude that sanctions the behavior of all. That is adherence to the practice of what is decent and desirable in the eyes of @MichelleWKwan is a deficiency of love among the people and within the body politic. That is toward the observance by many to the sacred @MichelleWKwan the allure of the body, establishment occurs. Ergo, people (and their desires) make the world go round. In this country there @MichelleWKwan amongst a dense population; attractions are what bind them. Whether it be the inner spirit and the characteristics of it, or @MichelleWKwan belong to someone, or something. Whether quantifying the unison of a binary relationship, or the participation of mass appeal @MichelleWKwan love within. As well as a stimulating sense of bridled pride, an enigmatic energy, togetherness, and what makes one feel they @MichelleWKwan the affect love has upon them, they don't want that feeling to disengage from them. Loving the feeling of love, one finds @MichelleWKwan feel. Loving the feeling and for some, loving the conditions that brings that indulgence about. Therefore regarding the @MichelleWKwan what is next with each moment shared, and that passes by. Thus one becomes accustomed to the sensation and how it makes them @MichelleWKwan contentment, happiness, and also joy when that love is elevated. Being in love brings the acceleration of anticipation of @MichelleWKwan the Lord Jesus Christ for providing insight to my spirit. I will start now....... Being loved brings the one that is loved @MichelleWKwan written down before i saw it or heard it or a semblance of it later. I also want to thank the Father God Almighty and the @MichelleWKwan Hi Earth. I have some things to say that I've been working on. I have to say that there are some things that I already had @MichelleWKwan I have to get ready to go. I can't wait til the day you can tell me what we did in your dreams. I love you Wing. @MichelleWKwan Sotskova are going to do. Even though I haven't looked anything up recently I hope she was put on the Russian World Team. @MichelleWKwan the new scoring system. I am looking forward to World's and seeing what Anna Pogorilaya (A To The 6th Power) and Maria @MichelleWKwan encourage her. I do think that some of the beauty of what makes supposed to make figure skating appealing is eroding with @MichelleWKwan got injured and couldn't compete in the Olympics. Then, I don't think it was the World Championships, then I tried to @MichelleWKwan asking you about Sasha Cohen. I never wanted to do anything that would have given her any confidence. Except for when you @MichelleWKwan I found it interesting and insightful. I am glad I got to read it. I thought it was interesting the person interviewing you @MichelleWKwan I love to see you in my dreams. I read your interview yesterday that I think was on https://t.co/oFn4yXa1Qh. @MichelleWKwan she use to see my daughter. I loved seeing her like that and I loved that that moment in the dream and then I woke up. @MichelleWKwan saw you it was unexpected astonishment that she could not have anticipated. It was a slow smile that was gleeful like when @MichelleWKwan her you stood and we're at her right side at an angle facing her, and I was at an angle to her left. When she looked up and @MichelleWKwan at the television. She didn't see us approaching her and once, I had you walk in front of me, and when you walked in front of @MichelleWKwan After all of that we entered a living room space. My mother was in front of us on the right side looking forward to our left @MichelleWKwan and kissing each other. I don't remember ever kissing you in a dream. Or splitting the fold of your hair with my fingers. @MichelleWKwan people seeing you, she didn't see us and we acted like we didn't see her. The next thing I remember were you and I embraced @MichelleWKwan I really wanted to introduce you to her and then I thought of the possibility of your visit coming to an end because of @MichelleWKwan noticing us. Then we saw my step father who was with some others and avoided him. After that we saw my youngest sister. @MichelleWKwan older brother that is closest to me in age was in that first living room as we discreetly snuck out of the house without him @MichelleWKwan the left at an angle towards a doorway. Once we entered the second room we decided to turn back. Also realizing that my @MichelleWKwan didn't realize that's what we were doing when we went into the door. We entered and we're in a living room. Then we walked to @MichelleWKwan it was you. In another part of the dream we were trying to get somewhere and began to cut through a house even though we @MichelleWKwan your name was shown or not, yet when I saw the an image of a woman on top of a vet large penis and the name "Earth" I knew @MichelleWKwan asking you how you would have known. When I was working with the clouds Years ago and thinking of you, I can't remember if @MichelleWKwan Rockets Chinese basketball player Yao Ming. There was something said about him having 12 inches. I never did get around to @MichelleWKwan Then there was another scene, I can't remember where we were and you and someone else were talking about the former Houston @MichelleWKwan reference to the dream I told Jurnee Smollett-Bell of being a panther and being carried by the fold of my neck. @MichelleWKwan There was a scene where we were getting in an elevator and you were joking about the back of my neck and the folds and the @MichelleWKwan You were in my dream this morning. My memory of it is kind of sketchy although there are parts of it I wouldn't forget. @MichelleWKwan and supplying you with what I thought would help make that possible. I love you. "So Amazing" is playing now. @MichelleWKwan and reminisced on how I wanted to give you all of me, and all that consisted in my world. Hoping we would be a perfect couple @MichelleWKwan now. I listened to the other CD of the set before this one. I listened to "If This World Were Mine" a couple of times and @MichelleWKwan Hello Michelle. I'm listening to The Best Of Luther Vandross, The Best Of Love and thinking of you. "Superstar" is playing @jurneesmollett to grow as a person, activist and actress. @jurneesmollett America great. I don't know if I will end up leaving any other messages on here; or if I will have to. I hope you continue @jurneesmollett the lead in bringing to light the strategies of those desiring to set an agenda of decimating what is supposed to make @jurneesmollett and racism. I like seeing Rev. Barber, the President of North Carolina's NAACP, and other leaders of different races taking 