Awareness  is the true path. Neither indulge nor Renounce ; but be Aware. Do whatever you are doing- Do with full Awareness. Osho Dont listen to morality, dont listen to religion, dont listen to culture-listen to Nature. Osho Do not identified with mirroring. Remember yourself as the mirror-that is what is meant by witnessing. And witnessing is meditation. Osho A woman is to be loved- not understood. Osho ..on the unknown, uncharted ways of life. Osho Life itself is the Guru,existance itself is the Guru. When life calls you; don't remain frozen. Listen to the call,be adventurous, and go.. Live here-now as totally as possible ; as fully allert as possible; and as lovingly as possibly; and all else will be added unto you. Kabir If you love yourself, you love others. If you hate yourself, you hate others. In relationship with others, it is only you -- mirrored. Osho It is not much important what you do or did, the only imprtant is whatever you do or did How much Awareness is or was there in your doing. .... from the outside rather than the inside. Sadhguru The only thing that stands between you and your well-beings is a simple fact: You have allowed your thoughts and emotions to take.... God is not a mere word to be argued and debated about but a state of Consciousness we can realise here and now in the flesh. Paul Brunton ....flesh and blood or as the very source of Creation. Sadhguru Yoga is essentially a way of re-creating the body so that it serves a higher purpose. The human body can function as a piece of... RT @SwarajyaMag: In A First For The Nation, Widowers In Haryana Could Start Receiving Pension Payments https://t.co/PNnyRUTo2F ... life- nothing else. Sadhguru Human intellect is mere smartness that ensures survival. But true intelligence is 'just Life and Life'- and that which is the source of... .... motive is missing in the world. Sadhguru .... looking for. It is not the object of your search that is important ; it is the faculty of Looking. The ability to simply look without.. People think spirituality is about looking for God or Truth or the ultimate. The Problem is  you have already defined what you are... People think spirituality is about looking for God or Truth or the ultimate. The Problem is you have already defined what you are looking f… If you really want to know spirituality, don't look for anything. Sadhguru 'I do not know' is the doorway - the only doorway- to seeking and knowing. Sadhguru अगर आप नहीं जानते कि आप क्या बोल रहे हैं, तो बेहतर होगा कि चुप हो जायें। मौन से समझ पैदा होगी। - सद्‌गुरु It is better to be ignorant; at least the ignorance is yours. It is authentic, it is real, sincere and honest! Osho You just listen to your own heart-- that is your only teacher. In the real journey of life, your own intuition is your only teacher. Osho Most ashemed enitity in the world is human mind. The moment one be aware of it, the moment you watch it, it vanishes. You become joyfull. ,,, तो आपको अपना रास्ता बदलना पड़ेगा, कि कुछ गलत हुआ है- आप रास्ता भटक गये हैं। हृदय आपका रहनुमा है।ओशो जब भी कोई समस्या हो; तो अपने हृदय में झाँककर देखें: यदि आप निश्चिंत हैं तो आप सही रास्ते पर हैं - आपका हृदय कसौटी है। यदि वह बेचैन है; तो ,, Fundamental Choice: Either you learn to live with creation ; or you manufacture your own creation in your head. Sadhguru Thought cannot be bigger than life. Sadhguru भारतीय मीडिया में तथाकथित बुद्धिजीवियों को अनियमित है और असामान्य होना सुहाता है । इस तरह वे खुद को विशेष समझते हैं। ,,,सामने नहीं आने दे रहा है। भारतीय जनमन को जो समझेगा वही पार्टी का शासन रहेगा। ,,,और दक्षिणपंथ की खिचड़ी है। भाजपा नहीं उसका कट्टरपंथी और अन्धभक्त वर्ग दक्षिण-पंथ खतरनाक है और भाजपा के व्यावहारिक और प्रगतिशील पहलू को,,, मूढ़ और जड़-बुद्धि सिर्फ सिद्धांत, दर्शन और विचार बघारते हैं। इन्हें वामपंथी, तथाकथित बुद्धिजीवी और जुगालीबाज कहते हैं। कांग्रेस वामपंथ,,, Self is ultimate. It is the first thing we know as babes; it will be the last tbing we shall know as sages. Paul Brunton The kind of food your body feels most comfortable with is always the ideal food to eat. Sadhguru AWARENESS is the True path. Neither indulge nor renounce; but be AWARE. Do whatever you are doing- Do with full AWARENESS. Osho .... are. It is dimensional shift in the way you perceive and experience life. Sadhguru Self-transformation is not incremental self- improvement. Self- transformation is achieved by experiencing the limitless nature of who we... ... to laugh and think together. OSHO When u really laugh for those few moments u r in a deep meditative state.Thinking stops. It  is impossible... Man is born only as a potential. He can become a thorn for himself n for others, he can also become a flower for himself nd for others. Osho Life itself is a liberating experience. If you live totally; it liberate. Osho Only experience can be decisive. Osho Just 'Be' whenever you are and be 'True' ; and be 'Authentic' and be 'Spontaneous'. Osho Prayer comes . It comes without ever giving you any indication that it is coming. Osho God is nothing but a tremendous understanding that existence shows towards you. Osho Whenever enlightment happens ,either a person becomes becomes absolutely silent or he bursts into song. Osho Life is God manifest; God is life unmanifest. God and life are one force,one energy,one movement. Osho The whole spiritual process is to go beyond the physical ; to know something which is not physical. Sadhguru Be total in everything that you do or do not do. Be total -- then your whole life becomes a meditation : OSHO To me, this is the only strength, the only power – that we can transform life, we can transform consciousness  OSHO Confusion is always a better state to be in than living in stupid conclusions . Sadhguru Self-realization is knowing that you are now in possession of the kingdom of God.- Yogananda I think musicians and actors have all these problems, because of the popularity and the opport https://t.co/AfWQsZfk7y #RaviShankar #quote You have become a disciple of the devil if your whole life is about making deals. The devil is always making a deal with somebody - Jaggi What you don't know, if you accept that you do not know it, there will be growth : Sadhguru इस धरती पर सिर्फ एक ही समस्या है - बहुत सारे दुष्ट इंसान हैंं। बाकी सब यहां पर बहुत शानदार है। - सद्‌गुरु Be;  don't try to become. Osho The highest art one can learn is the art of loving, and that the ultimate creativity and the highest art are born out of a knack-Meditation. Nothing else is needed to change the outside; only an inner awareness brought to every situation. Osho Mind means d turmoil,d illness,d disease; d tense,d anguished state. The mind cn nt b silent;whn thr is silence thr is no mind. Osho .... And you will be great witness to it. Osho Natural, spontaneous, aware: Let these three words become key words; And you will be sorrounded with a great revolution.... Awareness is the true path. Neither indulge nor renounce; but be aware. Do whatever you are doing - do it with full awareness. Osho To be ordinary in the world is the most extraordinary thing. Osho .... to live on a higher level. Osho Suicide leads nowhere,it simply enters ur consciousness into another womb of a lower kind,bcus u could not manage.... Mind is gud whn money is concerned,mind is gud whn war is concrnd, whn ambitions r concrnd,bt mind is useless whn luv is concernd. Osho Whenever you are in love with flowing things, moving things, you have a diffrent vision of life. OSHO RT @Jansatta: Bigg Boss10: शो से बाहर गईं मोना की फिर से हुई एंट्री, बीते लम्हें देखकर हुईं भावुक और पल्बिसिटी को लेकर दिया जवाबhttps://t.c… ...., or he may find it even in rock. Sadhguru Where is Guru ?A genuine seeker , a person who develops an urge within, will always find his Guru. He may find it in a man, in a woman.... If you are truly a seeker of Truth- Truth cannot hide from you. It is in the lap of Truth that you have happened. Sadhguru ...emotions and actions. You want to awaken your spirituality? You want to know you are spiritual or not? Don't interfere or attach to; just watch your thoughts,.. ...with yourself. Sadhguru Being straight with life is more important than being good; being polite; being moralistic- simply being straight with life and specially... Being straight with life is more important than being good. Sadhguru Awareness means that you are becoming aware of dimensions which aren't in your normal experience of life. Sadhguru True liberation is when nobody can take away anything from you. Sadhguru मुलायम सिंह यादव की हार में जीत। आखिरकार सपा की विरासत उनके बेटे अखिलेश यादव के हाथ में ही गयी है। आज मैंने अपना फिर सौदा कियाऔर फिर मैं दूर से देखा किया।ज़िंदगी भर मेरे काम आए उसूल एक एक करके मैं उन्हें बेचा किया।।-जावेद अख़्तर अभी बहुत दूर जाना है सफ़र में,शुरुआत तय नहीं करती अंजाम रास्तों का !!रshmi भारत बदल रहा है।कांग्रेस ठहरी हुई है। सिद्धू ठहाकों में डूबे हुए हैं ! Being a yogi is wonderful,fantastic; but being a Guru a Guru is frustrating. Sadhguru How much you can do and what you can do with certain individual is always limited- dipending on how open and how willing he has become. Sadh When you sit with your Guru; you just sit with him. Dont worry about what's happening to somebody or what's not happening to you. Sadhgur Being natural means your life is in itself a world of its own- outside world is dead for you. If you are really enjoying yourself and your work you dont need anything else. राजनीति में सिद्धू। बुद्धू के बुद्धू। ...over-flowing, so overwhelming .OSHO Life has such beauty,such beatitude, such joy that one cannot contain it.It is so much, it is so... .... will just flow out of you. Sadhguru ....... youself to such a point where everything functions so beautyfully within you, naturally the best of your abilities.... Yog means to be in perfect tune. Your body, mind and spirit and the existence are in absolute harmony. When you fine-tune.... By the practice of meditation you will find that you are carrying within your heart a portable paradise. Yogananda If you are not growing spiritually , in spite of trials you must try and try again. Yogananda If you want to destroy the bad effects of past actions; meditate. What you have done you can undo. Yogananda WHEN you love a person all fear disappears. And when you are afraid all love disappears. Osho When you so love God that everything you do is, to please Him; you are free. Yogananda Lord does not mind your faults. He minds your indifference. Yogananda Good conduct will not lost long ; if one does not adopt proper means to purify the mind. Yogananda By the practice of meditation you will find that you are carrying within your heart a portable paradise. Yogananda अरविंद केजरीवाल भारतीय राजनीति में ध्रुव, शुक्र, पुच्छल तारा 🌠 हैं या जुगनू! ..... You need the balance. Yogananda Father, guide and possess me. .... You need the balance. Yogananda When you work for God; not self it is just as good as meditation. Then work helps your meditation and meditation helps your work.... A real prayer arises out of gratitude, never out of fear and greed. A real prayer arises out of love for truth. OSHO Remember: no attachment should grow, no clinging should grow. They are all against your independence, your freedom, your individuality. OSHO Your Honesty, Your love, Your compassion should come from your inner being, Not from teachings and scriptures . Osho जिसे देखो उसे किसी भी सरकारी पहल से  समस्याएं और परेशानियां ही नज़र आती हैं। लेकिन समाधान बताने वाला कहीं नज़र नहीं आता! ... of desires and habits. Obeying the ego leads to bondage- obeying the soul brings liberation. Yogananda Without God-realization you have little freedom....Freedom means the power to act by soul guidance.; not by the compulsions of .... Just look at the lighter side of life and enjoy it to its fullest, and all fear will disappear. Osho .... making a spiritual effort now. Sri Yukteswar Forget the past. Human conduct is ever unreliable until man is anchored in the Divine. Everything in future will improve if you are... .... people. It is easy to make friends; but to keep friends you should follow rules. Yogananda Choose your company carefully. Be cordial and sincer; but always maintain a little distance and reverence. Never be familiar with... God chooses those; who chooses Him. Yogananda " Only in deep meditation shall you know His unique essence." Yogananda "God is Eternal Bliss. His being is love, wisdom and joy. He is both personal and impersonal; manifests Himself in whatever way He pleases.Y God understands you; when everyone else misunderstands you. Yogananda ... You cannot think your way into that state of peace. It exists beyond the conscious mind and thoughts processes. Daya Mata People who do not meditate can never know what tremendous peace fills the consciousness when the mind goes deep within..... When you don't understand something take it to God. Talk it over with Him and pray for guidance and right understanding. Daya Mata God is as close to you; as your thought allows Him to be. Daya Mata The ability to love purely and unconditionally comes from meditation. Daya Mata God respnds; not necessarily according to our merit.; but according to the depth of our longing for Him. Daya Mata .... you have. Why? Because long before you even recognize your own weaknesses God knows them. Daya Mata ... souls, in our hearts, in our conscience. But that is wrong. The Divine Beloved is the first one you should go to with every problem.. One of our great weaknesses is that we are afraid of God. We are afraid to recognize before Him the things that deeply trouble us in our.. अगर मुझमें कोई पहल करने का दमखम नहीं है, कोई क्रिएटिविटी नहीं है; तो किसी के काम में सकारात्मक चीजें ढूंढ़ने का दम तो है ही। We don't  have to be perfect before God will love us. He loves us now ; in spite of all our faults and weaknesses. Daya Mata ...from our hearts. Daya Mata We ought not to cloak ourselves in false piety when we pray. This does not impress God. He is interested in what flows spontaneously... मीडिया की खबरें अब टीआरपी रेटिंग में कपिल शर्मा से काफी आगे निकल चुकी हैं। हँस-हँस कर मेरा बुरा हाल है मित्रों! Just drop all longing, all desire, all ambition to be Someone else; so that you can be just just whatever you are. Osho ....is involved in the word 'enlightenment'. Osho Seeing your being in its utter nakedness , in its absolute beauty , its grandeur, its silence, its blissfulness ,its ecstasy all that... ...nor is there any death again that death is a fiction. Osho Enlightenment is simply recognizing your being, recognizing the eternity of your being, recognizing that there has been no death before... To discover your subjectivity unhindered, unobjected by anything in its total infinity and eternity is the truth. Osho Don't think of the past; don't think of the future. Just remain in the present moment- whole past is your and the whole future is yours. Osh -- just in a single moment. The moment becomes so intense that it is almost equal to eternity. Osho I would like to tell you that only one thing decides a true master: His presence make you blossom into thousands of flowers-..... No-mind is realization. No-mind is enlightenment. No-mind is liberation. Osho No-mind is peace, it is silence,it is blissfulness...No-mind is godliness, it immortality, it is eternity. Osho No-mind is peace, it is silence,it is blissfulness...No-mind is godliness, it immortality, it is eternity. ... harmony; and finally towards absolute harmony that is the harmony of no-mind. And to attain to no-mind is to attain all. Osho No man who has been meditative has ever commited suicide, has ever gone mad; for the simple reason that he is going towards more inner.... How to be in present? That is the whole knack of meditation. And the moment you are in the present; Enlightment is its by- product. Osho The world can come to a harmony if meditation is spread far and wide. And people are brought to one consciousness with themselves. Osho Meditation is the only answer to all the questions of man...the problems may be many ; but the answer is one. Meditation is the answer. Osho "The unconscious mind behaves in wrong ways; the conscious mind behaves in right ways." ....a quality a fragrance. Act more consciously; and you will be coming closer and closer to a quality that can only be called godliness not God, not a person, but... "Trust simply means that whatever happens we are with it- joyoysly...whatever happens is for the good." "To be natural is to be Spiritual...deep acceptance of your natural being is the seed of your transformation." Whatever comes; enjoy it. Whatever comes enjoy it. When it goes, then something else comes- enjoy it. Osho Choicelessness is blissfulness..Choicelessness is let-go. In trust you will always find faults with yourself. In love you will always find faults with the one you are in love wirh. Osho Love is beautiful if it comes as a part of trust ; because trust cannot be without love. Osho "Just be. And in that utter silence of being are hidden all the mysteries of existence" Without love trust is not possible...'I trust you' means ,' From this moment my fight with you stips. Now I am yours.' Man is born homeless; and man remains his whole life homeless; man dies homeless. To accept this truth brings a tremendous transformation. ...through a compromise. Live like a warrior- this way or that way; but never compromising.It is better to be defeated ; but totally, than to be victorious.. "Be absolutely an unprincipled and just follow life; and there will be no misery in your life." ....action ,,,Whatever the case , the consciousness has simply to be allert to it. That alertness, that awareness is Meditation. Osho Consciousness is exactly like a mirror; which reflects. And meditation is allowing your mirror to feflect- simply to reflect the mind in... Religious man is one who is totally natural- fully natural. Osho ...to see the truth. Osho Unless you are able to put the whole mind aside and see the world directly, immediately with your consciousness , you will never be able.. Don't judge yourself . Accept humbly your imperfection, your failures, your mistakes, your frailties. Osho Just listen to your own heart. That is your only teacher. Osho Drop the idea that attachment and love are one thing- they are enemies. It is attachment that destroys all love. Osho Love's basic requirement is : I accept the other person as he is. Loveallows freedom. Love allows that whatever the other feels like doing- he cando. Whatever he feels if it makes him blissful,it hischoice. " People love freedom; but nobody wants responsibility. And they come together , they are inseparable." Osho " Freedom simply makes you absolutely responsible for everything that you are and that you are not going to be." Osho Mind can give you a good livelihood; but not a good life. The heart cannot give you a good livelihood; but it can give you a good life. Osho " If you are sad you are wrong; if you are joyful you are right." Osho ... relationship with Existance; and the head is your relationship with the society. Osho Whenever there is a question of choice, the head cannot be chosen against the heart. The heart is your .... "Children can only be happy ; if they become what they have come to become." Osho "Anger is always a sign of weakness." Nature is your home. Osho Once you are in tune with life; then nothing matters. Osho ....She will not give you a pattern or a mould. She will not structure you, she will simply help you, whatsoever you can be. Osho ....anything on you, will not give her knowledge to you. She will send you into the world to find your own truth, to find your own life... A mother will help you to become independent. She will help you to become Individual. She will love you; but she will not try to force... A mother is one who helps you to be yourself. Osho Follower is one who cannot trust himself...Disciple is a seeker. Osho Be- as if you are not; exist- as an emptiness; and see- millions of beautiful experiences become available to you. Osho Meditation is: By and by , becoming thoughtless; not falling into sleep- remaining alert and yet becoming thoughtless. Osho नोटबंदी ने मुझे कभी न भूलने वाला एक सबक सिखाया: ऐसे व्यक्ति व चीजों को साथ रखूँ; जो मुझे हर हालात से उबरने और आगे ले जाने का रास्ता दिखायें। Once you are in tune with life; then nothing matters. Osho 